c:\users\erik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MopsBot\MopsBot\bin\Debug\MopsBot.exe.config
c:\users\erik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MopsBot\MopsBot\obj\Debug\MopsBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\erik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MopsBot\MopsBot\bin\Debug\MopsBot.exe
c:\users\erik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MopsBot\MopsBot\bin\Debug\MopsBot.pdb
c:\users\erik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MopsBot\MopsBot\bin\Debug\ChatterBotAPI.dll
c:\users\erik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MopsBot\MopsBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
c:\users\erik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MopsBot\MopsBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
c:\users\erik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MopsBot\MopsBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Modules.dll
c:\users\erik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MopsBot\MopsBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\erik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MopsBot\MopsBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\erik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MopsBot\MopsBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\erik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MopsBot\MopsBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\erik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MopsBot\MopsBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\erik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MopsBot\MopsBot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\erik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MopsBot\MopsBot\bin\Debug\ChatterBotAPI.pdb
c:\users\erik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MopsBot\MopsBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\erik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MopsBot\MopsBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\erik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MopsBot\MopsBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\erik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MopsBot\MopsBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\erik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MopsBot\MopsBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\erik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MopsBot\MopsBot\obj\Debug\MopsBot.exe
c:\users\erik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MopsBot\MopsBot\obj\Debug\MopsBot.pdb
